Document properties of DataProcessors (#393)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/ContentObjects/Fluidtemplate/DataProcessing/SplitProcessor.rst

.. include:: /Includes.txt
.. _splitProcessor:

==============
SplitProcessor
==============

> The :php:`SplitProcessor` allows to split values separated with a delimiter
> inside a single database field into an array to loop over it. Whitespaces will
> be automatically trimmed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :php:`SplitProcessor` allows split values separated with a delimiter
inside a single database field to be put into an array and looped over. Whitespaces will
be automatically trimmed.
```
I tried to make sense of this sentence but not sure if I got it right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :php:`SplitProcessor` allows you to split values inside a single database field by separating them with a delimiter. You can then put them into an array to loop over. Whitespaces will be automatically trimmed.
```
Or is this closer to the meaning? Not sure.

Options:
========

.. confval:: if

   :Required: false
   :type: :ref:`if` condition
   :default: ''

   If the condition is not met the data is not processed

.. confval:: fieldName

   :Required: true
   :type: string, :ref:`stdWrap`
   :default: ''

   Name of the field to be used

.. confval:: as

   :Required: false
   :type: string
   :default: defaults to the fieldName

   The variable's name to be used in the Fluid template

.. confval:: delimiter

   :Required: false
   :type: string(1), :ref:`stdWrap`
   :default: Line Feed
   :Example: ","

   The field delimiter, a character separating the values.

.. confval:: filterIntegers

   :Required: false
   :type: bool, :ref:`stdWrap`
   :default: false
   :Example: true

>    If set to true all values are being cast to int

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If set to true all values are being cast to int
```
'cast to int' - just checking this is fine. Nothing missing?
